alright so to start off you want to make
sure that you've applied a heat
protectant in your hair to keep it from
getting damaged which I've already done
and now I'm going to take a leave in
conditioner this is from sexy or
organics I love this and um you're
actually supposed to use this when your
hair's wet but I'm gonna go ahead and
use it when it's dry I really i use it
both ways um wet or dry and I really
like to use just a little bit on my
hair's on dry because I feel like it
makes it really really soft and shiny
and that's going to obviously make your
hair look really shiny when we're done
curling it so I'm going to apply just a
tiny tiny bit you don't want to apply a
lot at all ok the next thing that we're
going to do is going as we're going to
apply on this is the enjoy shine and
smooth and basically this is going to
help our hair not to be frizzy when
we're curling it and so I'm going to
apply just a small amount of this be
careful that you don't apply too much
because her hair is obviously going to
be dry you want to make sure that your
hands dry when you're doing this
obviously and just apply a little bit
throughout your hair and that's going to
make sure that your hair it doesn't get
frizzy and it's going to make it really
shiny and soft and yeah okay the next
thing that you're going to do once you
apply that oh by the way the enjoy item
smooth can also be used as like a skin
moisturizer works really well and it
smells really nice so okay then we're
going to a work by the way we will be
using a straightener so any straightener
that you have you can use obviously and
yeah so we're going to start off with
sectioning your hair I've just taken on
both sides of my hair and I've just put
onto on sides and then I'm going to just
sexual ones that also i'm just going to
use these like big clips you suck them
off and then we're going to divide each
section into two halves and i'm just
going to twist this up and then clip it
with
little big clips are these big clips on
these little big clips okay so once you
have X lets up and out of the way you're
going to go ahead and take your
straightener and we're going to be
taking about one inch section of hair 1
a 2 inch section and we're going to go
ahead and clamp the straightener down on
your hair and then you're going to take
the hair and wrap it around the
straightener like so and then you going
to take the straightener and you're
going to turn it until you have a piece
of hair sticking out I have a video on
how to curl your hair with a
straightener and um I will go ahead and
link that in the below bar I'm that's
going to show you how to curl your hair
with a straightener what you want to
make sure that you're doing it really
nice and slow and that you're taking big
enough sections and that way you're
going to get this kind of curl instead
of that really really tight curl it's
kind of just loose and free-flowing and
it looks really really pretty okay so
now we're going to go ahead and since
we're done curling the bottom we're
going to take the bite o organics
absolute firm hold hairspray you don't
obviously have to use this one you can
use whatever hairspray that you have but
I'm going to take this just a soft
bristle brush and um I'm gonna just
spray this directly onto the soft
bristles I don't know exactly how I
don't know I don't know how great this
is for the brush or whatever but I mean
I don't know it's just a brush so I'm
going to take that and then I'm just
going to lightly kind of tease the hair
a little bit and that's going to get the
hair spray onto the curls obviously and
just give them a little bit more body ok
now we're going to take the hair back
we're just going to toss it behind her
shoulder and I'm going to take the top
section down we're going to do this
section a little bit differently the top
section and what I'm going on oops I
need to pull a hair back okay what I'm
going to do for the top section is I'm
actually going to spray the brush again
just really lightly
and then I'm going to run it through my
hair right now or not why we can kind of
get the talk I think soft bristle
brushes make your really really shiny
and really soft I really like this one
this is from matrix I really like it ok
now we're going to take our shaker and
I'm going to just start at the very top
and you want to take a section just any
section just like that ant it your
straightener and then what I'm going to
do is do the exact same thing clamp down
twist and then make sure that it's look
at that ok my dogs barking and what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to pull
out like this instead of pulling down
really slow and you can see that creates
a really beautiful curl
okay so this is what the curl should
look like right now really soft and
that's a bit should look like and then
we're going to take piece offers a
little brush again all right I remember
these are going to hold a little bit
better curl this is just to get some
texture on the bottom of our hair these
are gonna hold a little bit better
because we like pre sprayed them and
then I'm going to again take it and just
kind of tease it a little bit alright so
now that I've done this side I'm going
to go ahead and do the exact same thing
with the other side and then I will be
right back okay so i just finished doing
the other side and on I part my hair not
down the middle kind of to the side so I
have a little more hair on this side but
that was a whole tutorial it's the exact
same thing that I tell on this side as I
did on this side it was really really
easy um another way that you could make
this a little bit more wearable for
school I think this is where I will for
school maybe if you kind of want it to
make it look a little bit more casual as
you could just french braid or just
braid the top of your hair or your bangs
back I think I'll make it look really
cute I think that's about it thank you
guys so much for watching I hope that
you enjoyed this hair tutorial and I'll
see you guys later